Update README.md to include workflow information (#66)
WPTT/theme-unit-test: README.md

## Theme Unit Test

For instructions on how to use the Theme Unit Test please see
https://codex.wordpress.org/Theme_Unit_Test

To download the Accessibility teams test file, please go to: 
https://github.com/wpaccessibility/a11y-theme-unit-test

### Workflow

Note that issues and pull requests for the theme preview file will not be reflected on WordPress.org. This file is for testing only.

If you **find a problem** with the theme unit test: go here https://github.com/WPTT/theme-unit-test/issues and see if an issue has been opened for this problem.  If not, open an issue.

To **help solve an issue**: fork the repository, create a branch for the update, and make a pull request. Make sure that you check the box allowing others to make edits.

To **review a pull request**: view it and/or test it locally and add your comments.

> If a pull request is ready to be merged and this has been noted already in a review but you do not have permission to merge, then be patient. :slightly_smiling_face: If the pull request that is ready to be merged has not been merged for some time, ping @williampatton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a pull request is ready to be merged and this has been noted already in a review but you do not have permission to merge, then be patient. :slightly_smiling_face: If the pull request that is ready to be merged has not been merged for some time, ping @pattonwebz on the issue.
```
